c:\users\m2ilo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetSet\NetSet\bin\Debug\NetSet.exe.config
c:\users\m2ilo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetSet\NetSet\bin\Debug\NetSet.exe
c:\users\m2ilo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetSet\NetSet\bin\Debug\NetSet.pdb
c:\users\m2ilo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetSet\NetSet\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\m2ilo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetSet\NetSet\obj\Debug\NetPage.g.cs
c:\users\m2ilo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetSet\NetSet\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\m2ilo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetSet\NetSet\obj\Debug\NetSet_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\m2ilo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetSet\NetSet\obj\Debug\NetSet_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\m2ilo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetSet\NetSet\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\m2ilo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetSet\NetSet\obj\Debug\NetPage.baml
c:\users\m2ilo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetSet\NetSet\obj\Debug\NetSet.g.resources
c:\users\m2ilo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetSet\NetSet\obj\Debug\NetSet.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\m2ilo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetSet\NetSet\obj\Debug\NetSet.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\m2ilo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetSet\NetSet\obj\Debug\NetSet.exe
c:\users\m2ilo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetSet\NetSet\obj\Debug\NetSet.pdb
c:\users\m2ilo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetSet\NetSet\obj\Debug\SetWindow.g.cs
c:\users\m2ilo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetSet\NetSet\obj\Debug\SetWindow.baml
C:\Users\m2ilo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetSet\NetSet\obj\Debug\PingBox.g.cs
C:\Users\m2ilo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetSet\NetSet\obj\Debug\PingBox.baml
C:\Users\m2ilo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetSet\NetSet\obj\Debug\NetSet.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\m2ilo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NetSet\NetSet\obj\Debug\ScanPortWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\m2ilo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NetSet\NetSet\obj\Debug\ScanPortWindow.baml
